README.md, before:

# Util

## Extensions

### Always Paste

Always Paste prevents sites from disabling paste via javascript.

### Always Select

Always Select prevents sites from disabling user selection via css.

### Block Requests

Block requests from loading resources using url pattern matching.

### Close Tab

Allowing closing a window's tab.

### Downloads Button

Provides quick icon access to your Chrome downloads.

### Extensions Button

Provides quick icon access to your Chrome extensions.

### Gmail Fixed Width Text

Fixed width text for Gmail.

### Gmail Suck Less

Make Gmail suck less.

### Google Calendar Workflow

Gives you more control over your events in Google Calendar.

### Google Docs Fixes

Fix Google Docs.

### Always Paste

Always Paste prevents sites from disabling paste via javascript.

### Keep Tabs Open

Continually check and ensure select pages are open.

### Pin Tab

Automatically pin tabs based on url patterns and quickly pin and unpin your tabs.

### Redirect Requests

Redirect requests using url pattern matching.

### Request Viewer

Log all requests to the background page.

### Smart Referrer

Send referrers only from the same origin.

### Tab Counter

Display how many tabs are open.

### Weather Homepage

Give the weather search page a clean look.

### YouTube Real Spacebar

Spacebar plays/pauses YouTube as expected.

Commit message:

Add readme for Hacker News extension

README.md, after:

# Util

## Extensions

### Always Paste

Always Paste prevents sites from disabling paste via javascript.

### Always Select

Always Select prevents sites from disabling user selection via css.

### Block Requests

Block requests from loading resources using url pattern matching.

### Close Tab

Allowing closing a window's tab.

### Downloads Button

Provides quick icon access to your Chrome downloads.

### Extensions Button

Provides quick icon access to your Chrome extensions.

### Gmail Fixed Width Text

Fixed width text for Gmail.

### Gmail Suck Less

Make Gmail suck less.

### Google Calendar Workflow

Gives you more control over your events in Google Calendar.

### Google Docs Fixes

Fix Google Docs.

### Hacker News

Enhancements for https://news.ycombinator.com/.

### Keep Tabs Open

Continually check and ensure select pages are open.

### Pin Tab

Automatically pin tabs based on url patterns and quickly pin and unpin your tabs.

### Redirect Requests

Redirect requests using url pattern matching.

### Request Viewer

Log all requests to the background page.

### Smart Referrer

Send referrers only from the same origin.

### Tab Counter

Display how many tabs are open.

### Tab Counter

Display how many tabs are open.

### Weather Homepage

Give the weather search page a clean look.

### YouTube Real Spacebar

Spacebar plays/pauses YouTube as expected.
